document IPC (#332)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/topics/rpc.mdx

  "cmd": "AUTHENTICATE"
}
```

### Packet Payloads

Packet payloads are JSON objects containing the command you want to send to the Discord client. Incoming packets will need to be correctly parsed to obtain the JSON response.

###### Outgoing Payload Structure

| Field    | Type   | Description                                                                                                           |
| -------- | ------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| cmd      | string | The [command](#rpc-commands) indicating the action of the request                                                     |
| args     | object | The arguments coinciding with the [command](#rpc-commands) of the request                                             |
| nonce    | string | A unique identifier (UUID) given to a [command](#rpc-commands) that will be echoed back to you upon a successful send |
| evt? ^1^ | string | The event the app is subscribing to                                                                                   |

^1^ Only required when `cmd` is `SUBSCRIBE` or `UNSUBSCRIBE`.

<Alert type="info">

> The Discord IPC will echo back every command you send as a response. Use this as a lock-step feature to avoid flooding
> messages. This can be used to validate messages such as the Presence or Subscribes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Discord IPC will echo back every command you send as a response. This can be used as a lock-step feature to avoid flooding
the gateway with messages. It can also be used to validate messages such as the Presence or Subscribes.
```

</Alert>

###### Incoming Payload Structure

| Field     | Type    | Description                                                                             |
| --------- | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| cmd       | string  | The echoed [command](#rpc-commands) indicating the action of the response               |
| data      | ?object | The response data of the [command](#rpc-commands)                                       |
| nonce ^1^ | ?string | The unique identifier (UUID) of the requested [command](#rpc-commands)                  |
| evt ^2^   | ?string | The event coinciding with the incoming command, usually present on a `DISPATCH` command |

> ^1^ Only not null in responses to commands
> 
> ^2^ Only not null in subscribed events, errors, and (un)subscribing events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^1^ Only present in responses to commands

^2^ Only present in subscribed events, errors, and (un)subscribing events
```

| TOGGLE_SCREENSHARE                               | Enables or disables screensharing                                                              |
| GET_ACTIVITY_INSTANCE_CONNECTED_PARTICIPANTS ^1^ | Retrieves users connected to a specific activity session                                       |
| GET_PROVIDER_ACCESS_TOKEN ^1^                    | Used for the Amazon Music activity so it can get the access token from Amazon connection       |
| MAYBE_GET_PROVIDER_ACCESS_TOKEN ^1^              | Used for the Amazon Music activity so it can get the access token from Amazon connection       |
| NAVIGATE_TO_CONNECTIONS ^1^                      | Used for Amazon Music, opens the connections page in settings                                  |
| INVITE_USER_EMBEDDED                             | (Unknown)                                                                                      |
| INVITE_BROWSER ^2^                               | Used to open an invite modal for a guild invite in the client                                  |

> ^1^ Used by Activities (enable Activities for your app), not available from RPC IPC transport

Reviewer: What does this mean

Author: Some commands only work if you've selected the opt-in for Activities from dev portal before getting ur oauth token, the IPC availability could be a fib tho
